---
id: 2560
title: flightSim meeting minutes Feb 25
date: 2010-03-01T20:51:34+00:00
author: Michael Man
layout: post
guid: http://ucosp.wordpress.com/?p=2560
permalink: /2009-2010/flightsim/2010/03/flightsim-meeting-minutes-feb-25/
categories:
  - FlightSim
---
**Time:**

Feb 25, 2010 1pm EST

**Attendance**

Diane, Michael, Lenny, Matthew, Sylvain, Godfrey, Jean

**Absence:** 

 ****

**General Update**

  * Deliverable Accepted
  * Suggestions: 
      * add text on dials
      * change the background (details from Matthew)
      * should be able to resize the dial through some config
      * Create dials for anything you are watching
      * Video need to be in smaller resolution
      * For locklist scenario, a better way is to show a ratio of row lock vs. table lock

  * Godfrey and Michael will keep the focus on locklist scenario
  * Conference information
  * Tuesday: Skype only
  * Thursday: by phone:
  * Conference ID: 4450146
  
    Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610
  
    Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605

**Goals for Sprint 3:**

**_The general goal is to create a tutorial, like many others on TE, with our graphical indicator._**** __**

**_The tutorial will have an entry to open up a page with dials just for that tutorial (in the same page of the tutorial)._**

**Individual tasks:**

**Matthew:**

  * **Will send** an enhancement suggestion report later to help us identify where we need to improve

Lenny& Diane

  * Diane will work with Alan to set up the <span style="text-decoration:underline;">latest version</span> of WMD on the server

Note: there are some changes in xml format on the WMD, when a person tests his code on the server, he should make the change accordingly, it is up to you if you want to install the latest WMD or not(you may have to spend another 3 days on that, take the risk if you want)

  * Investigate other forms of the indicator, and pick one to work on
  * Prioritise the work according to Matthew’s enhancement suggestion

Godfrey & Michael:

  * Will keep the focus on locklist scenario, try to recreate it
  * Create tickets for the next deliverable
  * Michael will merge everyone’s code in the repository and create a release. So please make sure your code are all checked into your personal branch
  * Michael will upload the videos
  * Godfrey will tailor the video into a smaller resolution (something like 800*600?)

Jean & Sylvain:

  * Check the current code into repository
  * Create tickets for the next deliverable

**Issues:**

  * Please post on WordPress regarding Greg’s email
  * Please use the category S3 in your tickets!

**Important upcoming deadlines:**

**Feb 25 – Video of scenario from start to finish with graphical indicators**

◦                      Mar. 13rd 2010 &#8211; Videos of scenario tutorials

  * Build panels to make it easier to diagnose problems:

Mar. 23rd 2010 &#8211; Draft available for feed back

  * Build a method to allow someone to test a person

Mar. 21st 2010 &#8211; Draft available for feed back