---
id: 2235
title: Flight simulator meeting minutes Feb 04,2010
date: 2010-02-04T19:07:04+00:00
author: Michael Man
layout: post
guid: http://ucosp.wordpress.com/?p=2235
permalink: /2009-2010/flightsim/2010/02/flight-simulator-meeting-minutes-feb-042010/
categories:
  - FlightSim
---
**Thanks everyone for your great work! Our project is so far still in healthy state, keep the passion and we will succeed in the end!**

**Time:**

Feb 04, 2010 1pm EST

**Attendance**

Sylvain, Michael, Godfrey, Lenny, Jean, Diane ,Matthew

**Absence:** 

**General Update**

  * Michael and Godfrey’s presentation <http://280slides.com/Viewer/?user=35124&name=Locklist%20Scenario&fullscreen>
  * Sylvain’s presentation <http://www.slideshare.net/tensorus/data-center-flight-simulator-user-problem-3071642>
  * All videos have been uploaded to <https://sourceforge.net/projects/db2mc/files/>
  * Please set your ticket status to ‘pending’ for the tickets you are working on, so other people will know where you are at
  * Conference information

Conference ID: 4450146
  
Local Dial-in number: 416-343-2610
  
Toll-free Dial-in number: 1 866-251-2605
  
International Toll-free Dial-in number: 800-4444-9000

**What we did**

**Matthew:**

  * Server delivered, waiting for system to be built out. Estimated setup completion in 8 business days. Ticket 2935130

**Michael:**

Worked on

  * Deliver a powerpoint slide show by Thursday of the memory problem closed Ticket 2944773

**Godfrey:**

  * WMD fixed
  * Met Michael on campus, talked about the presentation
  * CPU scenario is ready to be created upon request
  * tickets 2939779, 293978 and 22945102 closed

**Jean:**

  * video will be ready by the end of day today
  * scenario ready
  * tickets to be uploaded

**Sylvain:**

  * closed Ticket 2938815 and 2938819
  * video scenario created

**Diane & Lenny:**

  * closed tickets

2933860 (First draft of graphical indicator)

2933861 (Proposal of first draft of graphical indicator)

  * updated ticket

2933858 (TE investigation) – javascript integration into TE still needs to be thoroughly investigated

Next step is to try to integrate into TE more

**What we need to do:**

  1. **Create the next series of tickets in sourceforge**
  2.  ******Diane and Lenny will polish the graphical indicator in the next 7 days, it will be fully ready by next Thursday**
  3.  ******Two teams will investigate what values they need to show on the graphical indicator, and how to get the values(SQL statements)**
  4.  ******We have decided to keep the Thursday meeting as is, but Tuesday meeting on Skype only. Everyone is still expected to report your status on Tuesday**

**Next Deliverable:**

**Feb 11 Interface definition report from two teams(one from Vancouver, one from Quebec)**

**Feb 18 – Video of scenario from start to finish with graphical indicators**